TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [x] Flatten V-Slot around the T-Nut for cleaner engagement
- [ ] Mod frame to have Tn inset with a filler to allow 2 colour prints of them and have them clearly marked
- [x] Add small lip to the DB back plate to lock it in place
- [x] Make short DB version (can only user short DBs for all tools if used)
- [x] Make BOM
- [x] Upload CAD
- [x] Test Knomi Container
- [ ] Test Knomi2 Container
- [ ] Add a Halo Container
- [x] Add blank Container to build off of
- [x] Add grill Container
- [ ] Add XOL
- [x] Add Blackbird
- [ ] Add Config per Types
- [x] Make install instructions
- [x] Add frame links, left L/S, right L/S, middle LL/LS/SL/SS (if no crossbar)
- [x] Convert wiper to be modular
- [x] Sprung Steel Wiper
- [x] PTFE Wiper
- [ ] Optional Brass Brush holder behind Wiper to brush as you pickup
- [ ] Optional Tray to catch what the brush drops (held by magnets for easy cleaning)
- [x] Make sure all holes follow [3dp standards](https://github.com/gregsaun/maker_cheatsheet/blob/master/3d_printing/techniques.md)
- [ ] Potentially add 3 heights, SB, SB + Hat or DB, DB + Hat (But again you can not mix and match)
- [x] Convert Container to be 1515 compat so it works with 2020 and 1515 frames
- [x] Make the top and bottom of the frame into replacable pieces (this is where the 2020 to 1515 will happen)
- [x] Remove the 2020 thickness of the frame and only use the 1515 to reduce parts, the frame ends will sort the options
- [x] Add 5mm to the DB to DB links, the space will help clear wider extruders and looks better
- [ ] Make 1515 tops and bottoms and links
- [ ] Fix Tabs on Containers
- [ ] Add 2mm to the Link thickness so the screws don't stick out

Commit message:

Update to make the links symetrical front and rear so the end links are the same

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [x] Flatten V-Slot around the T-Nut for cleaner engagement
- [ ] Mod frame to have Tn inset with a filler to allow 2 colour prints of them and have them clearly marked
- [x] Add small lip to the DB back plate to lock it in place
- [x] Make short DB version (can only user short DBs for all tools if used)
- [x] Make BOM
- [x] Upload CAD
- [x] Test Knomi Container
- [ ] Test Knomi2 Container
- [ ] Add a Halo Container
- [x] Add blank Container to build off of
- [x] Add grill Container
- [ ] Add XOL
- [x] Add Blackbird
- [ ] Add Config per Types
- [x] Make install instructions
- [x] Add frame links, left L/S, right L/S, middle LL/LS/SL/SS (if no crossbar)
- [x] Convert wiper to be modular
- [x] Sprung Steel Wiper
- [x] PTFE Wiper
- [ ] Optional Brass Brush holder behind Wiper to brush as you pickup
- [ ] Optional Tray to catch what the brush drops (held by magnets for easy cleaning)
- [x] Make sure all holes follow [3dp standards](https://github.com/gregsaun/maker_cheatsheet/blob/master/3d_printing/techniques.md)
- [ ] Potentially add 3 heights, SB, SB + Hat or DB, DB + Hat (But again you can not mix and match)
- [x] Convert Container to be 1515 compat so it works with 2020 and 1515 frames
- [x] Make the top and bottom of the frame into replacable pieces (this is where the 2020 to 1515 will happen)
- [x] Remove the 2020 thickness of the frame and only use the 1515 to reduce parts, the frame ends will sort the options
- [x] Add 5mm to the DB to DB links, the space will help clear wider extruders and looks better
- [ ] Make 1515 tops and bottoms and links
- [ ] Fix Tabs on Containers
- [x] Bore rail holes in 2mm to use 10mm M5s instead of 12mm
- [x] Make links symetrical front and back, remove Left and Right as End is End
